Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on the 12th of April 2021.

These Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) define the relation with You (“You”) as you interact with our website and/or executing a purchase. If You do not agree to be bound by these Terms, do not access or use the website. If these Terms are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms.

We reserve the right to change these Terms at any time without notice, so please check them regularly. Your continued use of or access to the website constitutes acceptance of any changes which we might undertake to these Terms from time to time subject to no prior notification.

You hereby accept that electronic communication is the only way of communication adopted hereby subject to these Terms and your use of the website.

Please refer to our Privacy Policy regarding submission of the personal information through the website.

Your Commitments
By agreeing to these Terms, You represent and warrant that: (a) your age is 18 or older; and (b) the products Your purchase will not be used in any illegal or unauthorized way in any jurisdiction of the world; and (c) You are able to bear any and all expenses which might occur while getting access to and using the website. Providing that violation of any of the above statements by You shall entitle us to immediately terminate the services and your access to the site.

You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our website. You agree to promptly update your information, including your email address and other necessary details, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.

You are prohibited from using the website or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the services or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your access to the website for violating any of the prohibited uses.

Product Description
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.

While we have made every effort to ensure continuity and security of the Services, we are unable to completely foresee and hedge legal, technological and other risks including but not limited to force majeure, virus, hacker attack, system instability, flaw in third-party services, act of government, etc. that may result in service interruption, data loss and other losses and risks.

Purchase Bonus
For the activity on the website and the purchases undertaken via the website we retain the right but not an obligation to grant you a purchase bonus. We usually grant a purchase bonus in the form of a token. Token represents your right to purchase a limited number of branded items on
